Task/unity 10003 gprs manufacturer (#1357)
ePages-de/epages-docs: apps/data-types.md

| filter | object of [filter](page:apps-data-types#filter) | The available filter with name and value or name and range that is used for filtering. |
| selectedValue | string | The search term(s) used for filtering.  |

## gpsrInfo

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| - | - |  - |
| pictograms | array of pictograms objects | The GPSR pictograms of the system |
| safetyStatements | array of safetyStatement objects | The GPSR safety statements of the system |

## gpsrInfo (create request)

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| - | - |  - |
| pictograms | array of pictograms | The GPSR pictogram names. |
| safetyStatements | array of safetyStatement | The GPSR safety statement names. |
| supplemetaryInformation | string | The text of the supplementary information. |

## gpsrInfo (get request)

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| - | - |  - |

> | responsiblePersonAddress | object of [responsiblePerson](page:apps-data-types#responsibleperson) | The address of the responsible person of a manufaturer. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| responsiblePersonAddress | object of [responsiblePerson](page:apps-data-types#responsibleperson) | The address information of a responsible economic operator in the EU. To be added if goods are offered that are manufactured outside the EU. |
```

| href | string | The URL of the related link that can be used for subsequent calls. |
| title | string | The title of the item that is linked. (optional)  |

## manufacturersPaged

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| - | - |  - |
| results | string | The number of manufacturers in total. |
| page | string | The page number on which the manufacturers appear. |
| resultsPerPage | string | The number of manufacturers returned per page. |
| items | object of [manufacturer](page:apps-data-types#manufacturer) | The list of all manufacturers. |

## manufacturer

This object is used for the attributes of manufacturers.

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| - | - |  - |
| company | string | The manufacturer's company.|
| street | string | The street name of the manufacturer's address. |
| streetDetails | string | An additional field for the street address.|
| zipCode | string | The zip or postal code of the address. |
| city | string | The name of the city. |
| state | string | The name of the state.|
| country | string | The name of the country. |
| phoneNumber | string | The manufacturer's landline number. |
| emailOrContactFormUrl | string | The manufacturer's email or website url |

> | responsiblePersonAddress | object of [responsiblePerson](page:apps-data-types#responsibleperson) | The address of the responsible person of a manufaturer. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| responsiblePersonAddress | object of [responsiblePerson](page:apps-data-types#responsibleperson) | The address information of a responsible economic operator in the EU. To be added if goods are offered that are manufactured outside the EU. |
```

| unit | string | The unit displayed as abbreviated unit, if available. Can be one of *Byte*, *kByte*, *MByte*, *GByte*, *TByte*, *l*, *ml*, *ft³*, *in³*, *m³*, *yd³*, *fl oz*, *gal*, *qt*, *m*, *cm*, *ft*, *in*, *km*, *mm*, *yd*, *s*, *min*, *m²*, *cm²*, *ft²*, *in²*, *mm²* or *yd²*. Otherwise a localised name of the unit is displayed. Can be *piece(s)*, *bottle(s)*, *crate(s)*, *can(s)*, *capsule(s)*, *box(es)*, *glass(es)*, *kit(s)*, *pack(s)*, *package(s)*, *pair(s)*, *roll(s)*, *set(s)*, *sheet(s)*, *ticket(s)*, *unit(s)*, *day(s)*, *hour(s)*, *week(s)*, *month(s)*, *night(s)* or *year(s)*. |

## responsiblePerson

| Attribute | Type | Description |
| - | - |  - |
| company | string | The reponsible persons's company. |
| street | string | The street name of the reponsible persons's address. |
| streetDetails | string | An additional field for the street address.|
| zipCode | string | The zip or postal code of the address. |
| city | string | The name of the city. |
| state | string | The name of the state. |
| country | string | The name of the country. |
| phoneNumber | string | The reponsible persons's landline number. |

> | emailAddress | string | The reponsible persons's email address |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| company | string | The reponsible operator's company. |
| street | string | The street name of the reponsible operator's address. |
| streetDetails | string | An additional field for the street address.|
| zipCode | string | The zip or postal code of the address. |
| city | string | The name of the city. |
| state | string | The name of the state. |
| country | string | The name of the country. |
| phoneNumber | string | The reponsible operator's landline number. |
| emailAddress | string | The reponsible operator's email address |
```
